In my research, I have followed Jehovah's Witnesses for many years now.
I have visited Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia, in the US, in England, in Copenhagen, in Denmark.
I have interviewed a number of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And Jehovah's Witnesses are characterized by being a minority religion,
but also a minority religion which lives peacefully together with the majority in societies.
They go to public schools, they go to ordinary workplaces, they're not segregated, they are adjusted to society.
The law on extremism is quite vague, especially that it's made in order to prevent the incitement of violence and hatred on racial and religious grounds.
But it doesn't say which kinds of actions are extremists.
Jehovah's Witnesses is a Christian organization and Christianity as such is characterized by being exclusivist.
And that means that Christian organizations claim that they have the absolute truth.
If the Jehovah's Witnesses then are extremists, then most orthodox, catholic, Protestant version of Christianity could claim the same thing.
The Jehovah's Witnesses are known for their resistance against violence, especially for their objection against serving in the military and carry weapons.
And thus a law which is accusing the Jehovah's Witnesses of inciting violence is kind of ironic.
State legislation on religious movement is often problematic, especially when we're talking about the mindset of a religious movement.
Because such laws has a tendency to aim at particular movements with a mindset and not others with a mindset which is quite comparable.